doc: Updates `delete_on_create_timeout` description as suggested and use it in the examples (#3552)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/cloud_backup_snapshot.md

* `description` - (Required) Description of the on-demand snapshot.
* `retention_in_days` - (Required) The number of days that Atlas should retain the on-demand snapshot. Must be at least 1.
* `timeouts`- (Optional) The duration of time to wait for Atlas to create a Cloud Backup Snapshot. The timeout value is defined by a signed sequence of decimal numbers with a time unit suffix such as: `1h45m`, `300s`, `10m`, etc. The valid time units are:  `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`. Defaults to `1h`. Learn more about timeouts [here](https://www.terraform.io/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts).

> * `delete_on_create_timeout`- (Optional) Indicates whether to delete the created resource if a timeout is reached when waiting for completion. When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it returns immediately without waiting for cleanup to complete. If you suspect a transient error, wait before retrying to allow resource deletion to finish. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delete_on_create_timeout`- (Optional) Indicates whether to delete the created resource if a timeout is reached when waiting for completion. When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it triggers the cleanup and returns immediately without waiting for its completion. If you suspect a transient error, wait before retrying to allow resource deletion to finish. Default is `true`.
```

Author: changed in [5791db5](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3552/commits/5791db5e04a9157be23ac0f4f16956e03cd04a63)

Reviewer 2: leaving my suggestion here as this is related

- `delete_on_create_timeout`- (Optional) Indicates whether to delete the **partially** created resource if a timeout is reached when waiting for completion. When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it triggers the cleanup and returns immediately without waiting for **deletion to complete**. If you suspect a transient error, wait before retrying to allow resource deletion to finish. Default is `true`.

Author: I like the "deletion to complete" part of your suggestion. Applied in [889d866](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3552/commits/889d8664414566e3bc84b698cdab0ba9a2244617). The "partially" I think can be confusing so didn't put it
